---
title: "An Evaluation of Progressive Neural Networks
for Transfer Learning in Natural Language Processing"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2020-05-16-progressive-nn-transfer-learning
excerpt: 'A major challenge in modern neural networks is the utilization of previous knowledge for new tasks in an effective manner, otherwise
known as transfer learning. Fine-tuning, the most widely used method for achieving this, suffers from catastrophic forgetting. The
problem is often exacerbated in natural language processing (NLP). In this work, we assess progressive neural networks (PNNs) as an
alternative to fine-tuning. The evaluation is based on common NLP tasks such as sequence labeling and text classification. By gauging
PNNs across a range of architectures, datasets, and tasks, we observe improvements over the baselines throughout all experiments.'
date: 2020-05-16
venue: 'Proceedings of the 12th Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC 2020)'
paperurl: '[http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf](https://aclanthology.org/2020.lrec-1.172.pdf)'
citation: '[An Evaluation of Progressive Neural Networksfor Transfer Learning in Natural Language Processing](https://aclanthology.org/2020.lrec-1.172) (Dugar et al., LREC 2020)'
---
A major challenge in modern neural networks is the utilization of previous knowledge for new tasks in an effective manner, otherwise
known as transfer learning. Fine-tuning, the most widely used method for achieving this, suffers from catastrophic forgetting. The
problem is often exacerbated in natural language processing (NLP). In this work, we assess progressive neural networks (PNNs) as an
alternative to fine-tuning. The evaluation is based on common NLP tasks such as sequence labeling and text classification. By gauging
PNNs across a range of architectures, datasets, and tasks, we observe improvements over the baselines throughout all experiments.

[Download paper here](https://aclanthology.org/2020.lrec-1.172.pdf)
